h1. rah_unlog_me

p. "Project page":http://rahforum.biz/plugins/rah_unlog_me | "Twitter":http://twitter.com/gocom | "GitHub":https://github.com/gocom/rah_unlog_me | "Support forum":http://forum.textpattern.com/viewtopic.php?id=30802 | "Donate":http://rahforum.biz/donate/rah_unlog_me

p. Exclude set of IP addresses from "Textpattern's":http://textpattern.com/ visitor logs. Can automatically filter out your own hits, site authors and hits made by nasty bots. The plugin adds easy-to-use logging options to Textpattern's Preferences panel.

h2. List of features

* Exclude list of IPs from visitor logs.
* Automatically strip site editors' visits from logs.
* Integrates well with Textpattern's native user-interface.

h2. Requirements

p. Rah_unlog_me's minimum requirements:

* Textpattern 4.2.0 or newer.
* PHP 5 or newer.

h2. Installing

p. Rah_unlog_me's installation follows the standard plugin installation steps.

# Download the plugin installation code.
# Copy and paste the installation code into the _Install plugin_ box of your Textpattern Plugin pane.
# Run the automated setup.
# After the setup is done, activate the plugin. Done.

h2. Configuring

p. After installation, you can find rah_unlog_me's settings from Textpattern's "Preferences panel":http://textpattern.net/wiki/index.php?title=Basic_Preferences, next to other logging related options.

h2. Preferences

p. Rah_unlog_me will add couple new settings to Textpattern's "Preferences panel":http://textpattern.net/wiki/index.php?title=Basic_Preferences. These include an option to automatically exclude admins from logs and a field to define a list of additional IPs to filter out. The settings are as follows.

h3. Exclude site authors' IPs from the logs?

p. If set to _Yes_, site admins' IP addresses are removed from the visitor logs when the users logs in to the Textpattern's control panel.

h3. Additional IPs to exclude from the logs (comma-separated)

p. The second option of rah_unlog_me is a field where you can define a comma-separated (@,@) list of IPs which will be excluded from the logs.

p. This option supports wildcards. @%@ matches any number of characters, and @_@ matches exactly one character. With the wildcards it's easy to exclude whole address blocks. Following would exclude local devices from the visitor log:

bc. ::_%, fc00::_%, 10._%, 127._%, 172.16._%, 192.168.0._%

h2. Changelog

h3. Version 1.5 - upcoming

* Changed: Block hits actively instead of cleaning the database after. Prevents the database from needlessly growing, and removes any side-effects caused by deleting large number of rows.
* Improved: Cleaned up the installer.

h3. Version 1.4.1 - 2012/09/10

* Improved: Cleaned up the installer and the migration script.

h3. Version 1.4 - 2012/07/11

* Changed: Moved embedded language strings to Textpacks.
* Added: Finnish translation.
* Added: Excluded IP list supports wildcard. @%@ matches zero or more characters and @_@ exactly one character.
* Now requires PHP5 or newer.

h3. Version 1.3 - 2011/12/06

* Changed: Use the exact same method as Textpattern to check logged in user's IP. Just for consistency, doesn't really affect anything.
* Removed: JavaScript on Preferences panel. Causes more issues than adds. Not everyone wants everyone to navigate to the plugin's pane.

h3. Version 1.2 - 2011/06/03

* Imrpoved: Don't throw up JavaScript to top of Preferences pane when JavaScript is disabled.
* Improved: Sweep pre-defined list of IPs with a single query.

h3. Version 1.1 - 2011/03/14

* Fixed: Typo in the uninstaller. Called step from "delete" to "deleted".
* Added: Forgotten flags.
* Added: Missing privileges for the plugins pane's options link.
* Fixed: Typo in docs. Changed required TXP version from 4.0.7 to 4.2.0.

h3. Version 1.0 - 2011/03/13

* Integrated plugin's preferences to Textpattern's native preferences pane.
* Better excluding/removing script. No longer searches IPs from the logs if it doesn't need to; takes no action when logs are off, and removes the additional IPs from logs only when accessing the logs pane.
* Language string support.
* Now requires TXP 4.2.0 for full feature support.

h3. Version 0.1 - 2009/05/24

* First release